- Hi, there. I'm Amanda from Grow with Google. We're the team behind the
Google Career Certificates, and we're thrilled you've decided to pursue yours in Project Management. Experts here at Google
created this program to help you develop skills
that prepare you for jobs. Once you complete your certificate, you'll join a community of
over one million graduates who are launching their new careers, and you'll instantly unlock resources to help you launch yours. This includes an industry
recognized credential from Google that can be added to your resume and your professional
profiles, like LinkedIn. Additionally, you'll receive discounts on the CompTIA Project+ certification, and PMI exams, like the CAPM, further demonstrating your
project management skills and helping you stand out to employers. We're also here to
support you along the way as you navigate your job search. We know there's a lot
involved in finding a new job, so included at the end of
the certificate program, you'll find a course that
shows you specific ways to use AI to streamline your search. You'll identify your transferable skills, update your resume for different roles, and practice interviewing,
all with the help of AI. Plus, for learners in the United States, you can sign up for
one-on-one career coaching and access thousands of job postings through CareerCircle at no cost to you. These valuable resources are exclusively for Google Career Certificate graduates. Starting strong is the best way to ensure you complete the program and can access these resources. Here are a few of our top tips to get you to the finish line. First, stay on top of the deadlines, especially in these early weeks. Learners who do this are
almost twice as likely to finish their certificate. Second, jump into the
Learner Community right away. This is a great place to get advice and connect with other learners like you. Having this community as a resource to turn to if you get stuck significantly boosts
your chances of success. And finally, don't get discouraged
if you face challenges. It happens. Remember what brought you here, take advantage of the
support available to you, and know that with
persistence, you've got this. For the latest from
Google on career advice, ideas for how to use AI, and notifications about new courses, subscribe to our newsletter
at grow.google/updates. We wish you the very best as you embark on this exciting journey, and we look forward to supporting you as you earn your Google
Career Certificate.