Your grade: 100%
Your latest: 100%•
Your highest: 100%•
To pass you need at least 75%. We keep your highest score.
1.
Question 1
What are some potential consequences of rushing through the initiation phase of a project? Select all that apply.


 Impact to previous projects



Impact to quality


During the initiation phase, it’s important for the project manager to clearly define the project’s goals and gather information from team members about what will be involved in accomplishing those goals. Otherwise, they risk impacting the project’s quality.


Impact to the timeline


Failing to gather information from project team members to define what needs to be done at the start of the project can result in impact to the project’s timeline at a later stage.


Impact to the budget


If a project manager does not take the time to define the project’s goals and gain a clear understanding of what the stakeholders are asking for during the initiation phase, they risk impacting the project’s budget. 

1 / 1 point
2.
Question 2
Imagine that a project manager has just begun working on a project for a trucking logistics company. The customer wants to see a proposal as soon as possible, but it is taking the project manager longer than expected because he needs more input from stakeholders and the project team. What should the project manager do to turn the project into a success?


Research the cost and timeline for similar projects at other trucking logistics companies and share that information with the customer.



Immediately provide the customer the most recent comparable cost and timeline estimate for the work.



Ask the customer for more time to consult with stakeholders and the project team to deliver an accurate cost and timeline proposal.


Taking the necessary time to get input from all stakeholders and the project team is a key part of formulating an accurate proposal. 


Tell the customer he will need four to six weeks to formulate a proposal.


1 / 1 point
3.
Question 3
What are the main phases of the project life cycle? Select all that apply.


 Initiate the project


In the initiation phase, a project manager defines project goals and deliverables, identifies the budget, resources, and people they need, and confirms any other details that can impact the successful completion of the project. 


Make a plan


In the planning phase, the project manager makes a plan for how to achieve the project goals. The plan should include a budget, a breakdown of all the project tasks, ways to communicate team roles and responsibilities, a schedule, and what to do in case their project encounters problems. 


Define project roles



Execute and complete tasks


In the execution phase, the project team completes project tasks while the project manager monitors progress and keeps the team motivated. The project manager also removes any obstacles that come up in order to execute the tasks well and on time.


Close the project


In the closing phase, the team celebrates all of their hard work and evaluates how the project went. It is also an opportunity to let everyone who had interest in the project’s goal know what the team accomplished.

1 / 1 point
4.
Question 4
What are three benefits of closing a project? Select all that apply


Remove any obstacles that come up



Share the team’s accomplishments with people outside the team


When closing a project, the project manager lets everyone who had an interest in the project’s goal know what was achieved. 


Celebrate the team’s success


Closing the project gives the team an opportunity to celebrate and be acknowledged for all of their hard work.


Evaluate what worked and what didn’t work


Closing a project allows the project manager to make note of what worked and what didn't so they can plan better for the next project. 

1 / 1 point
